README.md, before:

# Sketches

Generative art sketches. Newest first

---

## Blot/Painting [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/blot-painting/"><img src="samples/blot.jpg" width="360"/></a> <a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/blot-painting/"><img src="samples/painting.jpg" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](blot-painting/)
- Based on Esteban Hufstedler's [Ink Splashes](https://estebanhufstedler.com/2018/10/02/splash/)
- Explore it [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/blot-painting/index.html)

---

## Watercolour [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/watercolour/"><img src="samples/watercolour.jpg" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](watercolour/watercolour.js)
- Based on Tyler Hobb's [polygon deformation](https://tylerxhobbs.com/essays/2017/a-generative-approach-to-simulating-watercolor-paints)
- See it [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/watercolour/index.html)


---

## Going crazy [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/crazy/"><img src="samples/crazy.jpg" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](crazy/crazy.js)
- Based on Anders Hoff's [Sand Splines](https://inconvergent.net/generative/sand-spline/)
- See it here [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/crazy/index.html)

---

## Conway's Game of Life [#p5js](https://p5js.org)
- [code](life/life.js)
- See it here [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/life/index.html)

---

## Sorting myself out [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://mostlymaths.net/2020/05/sorting-myself-out.html/"><img src="samples/sorting.gif" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](sorting/sorting.js) 
- See it [here](https://mostlymaths.net/2020/05/sorting-myself-out.html/index.html)


---

## Hailstorm [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/hailstorm/"><img src="samples/hailstorm.jpg" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](hailstorm/hailstorm.js) 
- See it [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/hailstorm/index.html)

Commit message:

Palette extraction via k-means. Added input type to GUI

README.md, after:

# Sketches

Generative art sketches. Newest first

---

## Palette [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/palette/"><img src="samples/palette.png" width="360"/></a> 

---
- [code](palette/palette.js)
- Naive k-means palette extraction. Offers two modes (centroid or closest color to centroid) and allows you to use your own images and change the number of clusters
- Explore it [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/palette/index.html)


---

## Blot/Painting [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/blot-painting/"><img src="samples/blot.jpg" width="360"/></a> <a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/blot-painting/"><img src="samples/painting.jpg" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](blot-painting/)
- Based on Esteban Hufstedler's [Ink Splashes](https://estebanhufstedler.com/2018/10/02/splash/)
- Explore it [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/blot-painting/index.html)

---

## Watercolour [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/watercolour/"><img src="samples/watercolour.jpg" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](watercolour/watercolour.js)
- Based on Tyler Hobb's [polygon deformation](https://tylerxhobbs.com/essays/2017/a-generative-approach-to-simulating-watercolor-paints)
- See it [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/watercolour/index.html)


---

## Going crazy [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/crazy/"><img src="samples/crazy.jpg" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](crazy/crazy.js)
- Based on Anders Hoff's [Sand Splines](https://inconvergent.net/generative/sand-spline/)
- See it here [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/crazy/index.html)

---

## Conway's Game of Life [#p5js](https://p5js.org)
- [code](life/life.js)
- See it here [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/life/index.html)

---

## Sorting myself out [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://mostlymaths.net/2020/05/sorting-myself-out.html/"><img src="samples/sorting.gif" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](sorting/sorting.js) 
- See it [here](https://mostlymaths.net/2020/05/sorting-myself-out.html/index.html)


---

## Hailstorm [#p5js](https://p5js.org)

<a href="https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/hailstorm/"><img src="samples/hailstorm.jpg" width="360"/></a>

---
- [code](hailstorm/hailstorm.js) 
- See it [here](https://rberenguel.github.io/sketches/hailstorm/index.html)
